
# Version Information 

--- 

## Latest Version 

#### Final Release 1.2.6.1 (2026-03-16)

* **Application Management**: Fixed an issue where clicking the "Add Field" button in sub-process form design resulted in an error. 
* **Application Management**: Fixed an issue where some form fields could not be displayed/hidden correctly when linked. 
* **Multilingual**: Fixed an issue where some interfaces were not translated correctly. 

#### Release Candidate 1.2.6.0 (2026-02-26) 

* **System**: Added "Notification Function Settings" to the main menu. 
* **System**: Fixed incorrect date formatting in some browsers.
* **System**: Fixed an issue that could cause installation failure when using a MySQL database 
* **Two-Factor Authentication**: Added two-factor authentication (2FA) related APIs. Please refer to the "Two-Factor Authentication" section for details. 
* **Service Request**: Fixed an issue where the date field could still be modified even after being set to read-only. 
* **Service Request**: Added "Support only bound mobile phones" option to the mobile support settings. 
* **Data Collection**: Hides unnecessary components in the data collector workflow design 
* **Data Collection**: Fixed an issue where text data interfaces displayed abnormally. 
* **Reports**: Fixed an issue where reports could not be generated when a workflow and its sub-workflow had the same name. 
* **Application Management**: Added "Convert User ID to User Name, Convert Department ID to Department Code" functionality to the filter element. 
* **Application Management**: Added "Job Responsibilities " related functionality to the Code Component (Tools).
* **Application Management**: Added a "Notification" tab to the Start, Manual, and End elements to support sending personal notifications 
* **Application Management**: Updated the way fields are added in form design. 
* **Application Management**: Adjusted to send personal notifications when Service Level Agreement (SLA) triggers a light. 
* **Approval**: Fixed the issue where Python code for finding approvers continued execution even though it did not meet specifications. 
* **General Forms**: The "Import" mechanism for static forms will now determine whether data is added or updated based on the `data_no` field. 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where masked fields became invalid after "Data Validation" processing during workflow viewing. 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where the "File Upload" field displayed abnormally during linked form viewing. 
* **Personnel Management**: Added a "Notification Settings" tab, allowing users to configure personal notification receiving methods 
* **Multilingual**: Fixed some Japanese interface text display issues. 
* **System Settings**: Added a "DevTool Debugging" option, which is off by default.
* **System Settings**: When LDAP automatic synchronization is complete, users can be set to notify specific personnel. 

> Notes:   
> 1. Starting with this version, the trial license (Free License) is no longer available.   
> 2. Due to updated cybersecurity policies, this product requires Python `3.11` starting with this version. 

--- 

## Version History 

#### Patch 1.2.5.3 (2026-02-13) 

* **Japanese**: Adjusted some translations 

#### Patch 1.2.5.2 (2026-01-06) 

* **System**: Enhanced user security 
* **System**: Fixed some issues with email sending failures 

#### Final Release 1.2.5.1 (2025-11-03) 

* **Single Sign-in**: Fixed the issue where users with two-factor authentication enabled could not log in to their phones 
* **System Settings**: Fixed the issue where enabling Admin Mode caused web pages to become unresponsive 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where menus sometimes failed to scroll down when creating associations in the "Association Operations" section 

#### Release Candidate 1.2.5.0 (2025-10-23) 

* **System**: Added single login support, integrating Windows AD and customized third-party login mechanisms 
. **System**: Added SaaS mode to the installer; licenses can be applied for online after activation 
. **System**: After logging in, you must agree to the [Product Authorization Statement] before accessing the homepage 
. **System**: Upgraded Bootstrap to v5. 
**Main Menu**: Customized [Path] items in the main menu support setting display permissions based on [role]. 
**Two-factor authentication**: Administrators who have not bound their mobile phones will not be able to enable two-factor authentication 
. **Service Request**: When adding fields during the design phase, dropdown menus no longer automatically drag to the bottom. 
**Data Collection**: Fixed the issue where the Collector 1.2.4 installer could not connect correctly. ** 
Application Management**: Disabled ORM syntax in the [Code Component] of the workflow design. 
**Application Management**: Fixed the issue where the [Task Notes] field could be designed in static forms. 
**Application Management**: Optimized the display of [Option Sorting, Upper Limit of Checklist, Lower Limit of Checklist] in the dropdown menu. 
**Application Management**: Added conditions to the [Judgment Component] of the workflow design: Greater than or equal to, Less than or equal to 
. **Application Management**: Fixed the issue where external processes and creation processes did not support the [File Field] 
* **Application Management**: Fixed the issue where the [Data Tool] did not exclude deleted data 
* **Application Management**: When a process execution [Code Component] encounters an error, the LOG level is adjusted to CRITICAL 
* **Approval**: After the approval process skips a stage, the [Unapproved, Unconsulted] status remains blank 
* **Approval**: Fixed the issue where others could still fill in feedback via a URL 
* **Approval**: Added the parameter [BASE_URL] during design, which can display the URL in notifications or emails 
* **General Forms**: Adjusted the print format to [Title: Content] width 3:7 
* **General Forms**: Added support for printing blank forms 
* **General Forms**: Renamed the [Edit] button on related forms to [Transfer] 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where, when a subquery within a sub-table has only one item, it would still be filled back after being unchecked and submitted 
* **Personnel Management**: When adding [Department, Role], the field will now be marked with a required symbol 
* **Personnel Management**: When adding a new user, the login page defaults to the [Default] setting. 
**Personnel Management**: The role management tab order has been adjusted to: Settings > Permissions > Users > Departments 
. **Personnel Management**: Enhanced user password security mechanisms.
* **Multilingual**: Fixed some Japanese interface text. 
****System Settings**: Fixed the issue of an ERROR LOG being generated when LDAP was not set. 

#### Patch 1.2.4.1 (2025-07-15) 

* **Japanese**: Adjusted some translations. 
* **Questionnaire**: The URL of the questionnaire can now be set manually. 
* **Service Request**: Fixed the issue where filling in the "User" field with data for multiple users would fail. 
* **Service Request**: Fixed the issue where adding a new data column would display abnormally when there are hidden fields in the "Sub-table". 
* **General Form**: Clicking on the "File Field" now enables a preview function for specific file types. 
* **General Form**: Fixed the issue where an error would pop up when downloading all files in the "File Field" at once. * ** 
General Form**: Fixed the issue where the delete button was not displayed correctly in the file field under certain circumstances. 
* **Approval Mechanism**: Fixed the issue where manual assignment was not possible when no signer was found 
. **Signature Approval Mechanism:** Fixed an issue where fields for signing records written using the Tools code component displayed incorrectly during printing. 
**Signature Approval Mechanism:** Fixed an issue where resubmitting the order would generate two signature forms if an error occurred during the signature process. 
**System Settings:** Fixed an issue where the "Two-Way Verification" option still displayed "No" after being enabled. 
**System Settings:** Fixed an issue where LDAP SSL connection settings were lost after a restart. 
**System Settings:** Fixed an issue where viewing the "Use Agreement" during registration would result in an error. 

#### Final Release 1.2.4.0 (2025-06-16) 

* **System:** Cybersecurity Handling 
* **Data Forms:** Performance optimization; added indexes to workflow and related data forms. 
* **My Tasks:** Date filtering now uses "Update Time" as the criterion. 
* **My Tasks:** Fixed an issue where switching agents prevented viewing files in the agent's tasks. 
* **Service Requests:** Fixed an issue where parentheses in the "Checkmark" field value would prevent service requests from being enabled 
. **Application Management**: The "Variable Filtering" component in workflow design can now retrieve the API path of the current workflow 
. **Application Management**: The "Variable Filtering" component in workflow design can now retrieve the user ID of the agent who pushed the order. 
**Application Management**: Python code correctness is now checked during submission. 
**Application Management**: Fixed an issue where the "Other" option value was not displayed when the "Checkmark" field was read-only. 
**Application Management**: Fixed an issue where "Subtable > Subquery" would be filled with undefined if no item was checked and confirmation was performed when it was in single-selection mode. ** 
Application Management**: Workflows can now be copied to the same application 
. **Application Management**: Form designs can now be synchronized to forms in other manual components of the workflow. 
**Data Collection**: Fixed an issue where a success message would be displayed in the lower left corner when the collector workflow dispatch failed. ** 
Data Collection**: Fixed an issue where the collector's default workflow would fail to dispatch due to the lack of a reference in the package tab. **Approval 
**: Tools now includes a function to write "Approval Records". See the 【Code Component Tools】 section for details 
. **Approval**: Added the "Retrieve Specific Form Approval Records" function to API and Tools. See the 【Code Components Tools】 section for details. 
**Approval**: Added "Upload File" setting, which allows downloading from approval records 
. **Approval**: Fixed the issue where the same user could not be consulted multiple times. 
**Approval**: Multiple people can now be assigned when adding signatures. 
**Approval**: The "Countersigning" stage of approval design can now be assigned to departments 
. **Approval**: CC objects can now be added when sending emails/notifications in approval design. 
**Approval**: Added "Import/Export" function to approval design. ** 
General Forms**: Fixed the issue where data for a subquery with only one item would still be filled in after unchecking it and submitting. 
**General Forms**: Fixed the issue where the time format would not be filled in seconds when the "Date and Time" field was unread-only. 
**General Forms**: Fixed the issue where agents could not view files 
. **Personnel Management**: Added "Search" function to organization charts 
. **Personnel Management**: Fixed the issue where login page options were not saved correctly when adding users 
. **Personnel Management**: Fixed the issue where the system would not automatically assign a department code if no department code was filled in when adding a new department. 
**System Settings**: Added a "Two-factor authentication" function. After activation, a mobile verification code will be required upon login. 
**Standalone Tools**: Fixed the issue where the "Form Export" script could not complete successfully due to administrator privilege restrictions 
. **Reports**: Fixed the issue where the system would force logout shortly after exporting a report. 
**Japanese**: Fixed some "Permissions" text that did not conform to Japanese Kanji usage. 

#### Patch 1.2.3.2 (2025-04-02) 

**Menu**: Fixed the issue where the main menu management could not be saved . **General Forms**: 
Fixed the issue where the system would automatically select a subquery with only one option remaining but would not trigger data re-entry. 
**General Forms**: Fixed the issue where copying a sub-table using Ctrl+C would also copy hidden data. 
**Print**: Fixed the issue where printing would fail when there were too many hidden fields in a sub-table 
. **Mobile**: Fixed an issue where the "Subquery" field was unresponsive under certain circumstances. 

#### Patch 1.2.3.1 (2025-03-20) 

* **Application Management**: Fixed an issue where the "Filter" function in the workflow element could not retrieve data such as "Application Parameters". 
* **Code**: Fixed an issue where the User object in Tools could not add new users. 

#### Final Release 1.2.3.0 (2025-02-18) 

* **System**: Added annual maintenance mechanism . 
* **System**: Added LOGO change mechanism. 
* **Menu**: Improved the issue of possible option overlap. 
* **My Tasks**: Added batch operation mechanism.
* **My Tasks:** When related tasks appear in parallel, they will now also be displayed in "Tasks in Progress". 
* **Service Requests:** Fixed the issue where hidden fields were not checked for required fields. 
* **Built-in Workflows:** Fixed code with security concerns in built-in workflows; this requires manual updating. 
* **Application Management:** Added "User, Department" related functions to "Data Tools". 
* **Application Management:** "Field Calculation Rules, Subqueries" can now populate sub-tables with multiple queried data entries. 
* **Application Management:** Fixed the issue where renaming a referenced approval template would cause errors in the "Direct Submission" form. 
* **Application Management:** Fixed the issue where JSON variables output by "Data Verification" were not converted to string format. 
* **Application Management:** Fixed the issue where data could not be selected after using the search function in "External Queries". 
* **Application Management:** Fixed the issue where modifying remarks would affect other workflows. * **Application Management: 
** 
Fixed the issue where error messages were not clear enough when there were duplicate API paths during workflow submission . **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where the department/user field could not be searched when searching the form list 
. **General Forms**: The "Feedback" button is now hidden by default and can be enabled in the manual input element 
. **General Forms**: The "Feedback" email now displays "Form Name, Form Number, and Initiator". 
**Personnel Management**: The "Department View" permission can now also read the managed organization chart 
. **Personnel Management**: "User Management" can now filter by administrator and user. 
**Print**: Fixed the issue where the currency symbol was not displayed in the "Amount" field. 
**Notifications**: Fixed the issue where notifications of administrator permission changes were not correctly translated into Japanese. 

#### Patch 1.2.2.2 (2024-12-06) 

**System**: Restricted API permissions for administrator accounts 
. **Data Collection**: Fixed the issue where line charts could not be displayed correctly. 
**Reports**: Fixed the issue where reports could not be exported during preview 
. **Application Management**: Disabled specific packages in the code 
. **Personnel Management**: System notifications will be sent when administrator permissions change. 
**Personnel Management**: Mobile login is disabled by default for administrator accounts 
. **Login Management**: Restrict user login IPs 

#### Final Release 1.2.2.1 (2024-09-26) 

* **Application Management**: Fixed the issue where adding a new column in a sub-table would cause an error in the dynamic conditions of a subquery. 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where entering Chinese characters would delete existing numbers when selecting "Amount" as the input field. 
* **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where the "Feedback" function could not exceed 60 characters. 
* **Personnel Management**: Fixed the issue where users with certain special names could not be deleted. 

#### Release Candidate 1.2.2.0 (2024-09-10) 

* **API**: Fixed the issue where the form would get stuck if the value attribute was missing when creating or pushing orders. 
* **Dashboard**: Fixed the issue where excessively long options appeared in the drop-down menu. 
* **System**: International time zone. 
* **System**: Windows version updated to 64-bit 
. **My Tasks**: Fixed the issue where the task wouldn't be pinned when accessed from "My Tasks" when a form had a "Signing Record" option. 
**My Tasks**: In-progress and closed tasks now display a preset 14-day time range 
. **Service Requests**: Fixed the issue where values ​​couldn't be entered into the "Preset Values" tab for service requests. 
**Application Management**: Attachments can now have their extensions restricted 
. **Application Management**: Improved the display of "Add Signature" and "Opinion Consultation" approvals 
. **Application Management**: Added a "Data Tools" element to workflow design 
. **Application Management**: Added an "Amount" type to the "Input Fields" in form design. 
**Application Management**: Workflow elements can now have notes added 
. **Application Management**: Added application submission review, scheduled submission, and scheduled start/stop functionality 
. **Application Management**: Checks for dependent workflows when submitting or delisting applications. 
**Application Management**: Notes can now be added when submitting applications. 
**Application Management**: Advanced form settings now include "Subject of Submission" as a condition 
. **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where the user and department fields for closed orders would change due to current personnel data 
. **General Forms**: Fixed the issue where "Feedback Inquiry" would cause order blocking if no response was received. 
**General Forms**: Fixed the issue where CSV related descriptions were not displayed according to the "language" when exporting form data. 
**Data Collection**: Fixed the issue where the collector process could not generate events correctly. 
**Personnel Management**: Fixed the issue where the "Date of Birth" interface in User Management was not displayed completely 
. **Personnel Management**: Improved the reading performance of "User Management" and "Department Management". 
**Personnel Management**: Fixed the issue where the "Password Mismatch" error message was not translated. 
**System Settings**: Added "Customized HR System" API interface to LDAP settings. 

#### Patch 1.2.1.6 (2024-09-03) 

* Service Requests: Fixed the issue where "Questionnaire" could not be submitted correctly. 

#### Patch 1.2.1.5 (2024-07-29) 

* My Tasks: Improved query performance 
. Application Management: Fixed an issue where incorrect assignments were possible when assigning approvals based on "Job Responsibilities". 
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where the "Permission Settings" workflow could not be read correctly. 

#### Patch 1.2.1.4 (2024-06-24) 

* General Forms: Fixed an issue where form loading times were too long when there were too many users or departments. 
* System Settings: Fixed an issue where users might be logged out when "Automatic Logout" was disabled. 

#### Patch 1.2.1.3 (2024-06-12) 

* System: Enhanced cybersecurity. 
* Personnel Management: Fixed an issue where users could not change their passwords.

#### Patch 1.2.1.2 (2024-06-05) 

* General Forms: Fixed an issue where uploading "attached files" would not function correctly. 

#### Release 1.2.1.1 (2024-05-15) 

* General Forms: Fixed an issue where the height of a field would suddenly increase if the field was hidden when it had a value. 
* Approval Mechanism: Fixed an issue where Japanese and English text would overlap when setting weight thresholds in the "Approval Stage" design. 
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where parallel and dynamic parallel orders could not be designed on the same form. 
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where multiple forms would be generated when parallel orders arrived at "Collection" simultaneously. 
* Application Management: Fixed an issue where the "Department" field on mobile and web pages could not select the AD department. 

#### Release Candidate 1.2.1.0 (2024-05-03) 

* **My Tasks**: Optimized the display of assignment and approval for "In Progress Tasks" 
. **My Task**: Add the display of "Remarks 1, Remarks 2, Remarks 3" fields, which can be hidden in settings.py 
. **Application Management**: Add fixed form fields "Remarks 1, Remarks 2, Remarks 3". 
**Application Management**: User and department fields can now be linked by setting "Field Calculation Rules". 
**Application Management**: **Data Validation** can be set to output variables into process variables 
. **Application Management**: **Sub-tables** can have their width set in "Form Design". 
**General Forms**: Optimize the display of "Checked Fields" in **Form Processes** 
. **General Forms**: Optimize the issue of excessively long values ​​in "Subqueries" 
. **Personnel Management**: Fix the issue where the description field in the department management list would disappear when the department name was too long. 
**Personnel Management**: Increase the length limit of the **Department Code** field to 100. 
**System Settings**: Add settings for account deactivation and password change expiration. 
**System Settings**: Automatic logout mechanism. 

#### Release 1.2.0.1 (2024-02-29) 

* **Japanese Language**: Fixed the issue of untranslated Japanese for new features. 
* **Announcements**: Fixed the issue where attachments still required scrolling to the bottom when announcements were short. 
* **File Download**: Fixed the issue where downloads might fail when files contained special characters. 
* **System Settings**: Fixed the issue where reorganizing custom items after changing the **Link** attribute to **Folder** in "Main Menu Management" might result in errors. 
* **System Settings**: Fixed the issue where clicking on a custom item removed from its link in "Main Menu Management" would cause an error. 

#### Release Candidate 1.2.0.0 (2024-01-25) 

* **System**: Upgraded environment requirements, upgraded Python to 3.11 and Django to 4.2. 
* **My Tasks**: Added print functionality to form completion records. 
* **My Tasks**: Fixed the issue where the attached file icon in the list did not correctly display the current status of the attached files for the task. 
* **Application Management**: Added linkage functionality to the user and department fields 
. **General Forms**: Fixed an issue where the displayed data in the "Process" section might be inconsistent with the actual situation 
. **General Forms**: Fixed an issue where some text was hidden when printing forms. 
**General Forms**: Added "Export to Word" functionality to form printing. 
**Program Tools**: Added functionality to export all data and files from the form process . 

#### Patch 1.1.6.3 (2023-11-03) 

**My Tasks**: Fixed an issue where "Quick Operation" failed under certain circumstances 
. **New Approval Mechanism**:   
Added "Approval Management" to the "Application Management" main menu, allowing design of approval templates.   
**Process Design**: The manual element can select "Approval Template".   
**My Tasks**: Added an   
"Advanced Agent" tab to the personal data display related to general tasks and approval tasks, allowing setting of approval-related agents 
. **Organization Chart Redesign and Optimization**   
**Organization Chart Design**: "Job Responsibilities" are now set within the organization element   
. **Organization Chart Design**: Multiple organization charts can be designed.   
**Organization Chart Design**: Supports Excel import/export.   
**Job Responsibilities**: Supports Excel. Export/Import   
* **AD and Department Management Optimization**   
Job responsibility design now   
supports Excel export/   
import department settings.   
A new "Sort" field has been added, displaying items sequentially in the profile. 
* **Main Menu**: Fixed an issue where expanding the menu might overlap with other items. 
* **Main Menu**: Backspace settings are now inherited and recorded in a cookie when switching pages. 
* **My Tasks**: Fixed an issue where "Quick Operation" failed under certain circumstances. 
* **Service Request**: Unsubmitted form content will be temporarily stored in a cookie, prompting for confirmation. 
* **Service Request**: Fixed an issue where "Date" and "Subsheet > Date" displayed differently. 
* **General Forms**: Administrator privileges are no longer restricted by view rules.* ** 
General Forms**: "Export" and "Import" functions require separate checks of "View" and "Add" permissions. 
* **Application Management**: The "Organization Chart" element in workflow design can now specify whether to query the organization chart or a department. 
* **Application Management**: A new "External Query" field has been added to form design, allowing querying external data via Python code and displaying a "Subquery" function 
.* **Application Management**: Fixed an issue where the "Location" field would lose its read-only status after being set during form design. 
**Application Management**: Corrected the design of "Manual Components" into "Sub-tables" to include dropdown menus as equality conditions in subqueries. If a user selects an option from a dropdown menu that is not designed in the initial form when using a manual component, clicking the subquery will have no effect. 
**Parameter Settings**: Added the parameter "LOGIN_FAIL_FREQUENCY" to settings.py to set the "Number of Incorrect Logins".
* **Parameter Settings**: Adding the parameter "LOGIN_LOCK_MIN" to settings.py sets the duration for which login is denied. 
* **Service Requests**: Unsubmitted form content will be temporarily stored in a cookie, and the system will prompt whether to restore it.
