
# Custom HR

This page will introduce a series of API interfaces for customers who use self-made personnel systems instead of LDAP, so that they can also synchronize user and department data to OMFLOW.

> Note: This API needs to be provided by the intermediary application and called by OMFLOW.

## Credentials

It is strongly recommended that intermediary applications use SSL/TLS certificates to ensure data transmission security.

## Synchronize data

Note: OMFLOW will call this API to synchronize personnel and department data. Please organize the third-party personnel and department data into the following data format.

Method:POST

URL:/sync

Basic Authentication: True

Content-Type: application/json

### Return data

When successful, the returned data example is as follows:

``` json
{
    "status": "success",
    "user_info_list" : [{
            "username": "<account>", //(unique value)
            "email": "<Email>", //(unique value)
            "nick_name": "<person name>",
            "ad_no": "<employee number>",
            "company": "<company>",
            "phone1": "<phone>",
            "phone2": "<mobile phone>",
            "extension_no": "<extension>",
            "gender":"<gendermale/female>"
        },...
    ],
    "group_info_list": [{
            "display_name": "<department name>",
            "group_no": "<department code>", //(unique value)
            "parent_group_no": "<parent department code>",
            "user_list": [
                "<username1>",
                "<username2>",
                ...
                ]
        },...
    ]
}

```
>

In case of failure, the returned data example is as follows:
```json
{
    "status": "fail",
    "message": "<error message>"
}
```


> Note:  
>- username, email and group_no are unique values.
>- OMFLOW will judge the username and group_no as the same personnel and departments. If the synchronized data this time is different from the previous synchronized data, it will perform the actions of adding, modifying and deleting.

## log in

After synchronizing the data, OMFLOW will call this API for verification when the user logs in.  
The request content sent by OMFLOW is as follows:

```json
{"username": "<account>", "password": "<password>"}
```
Please conduct login review according to this content and return the review results.

> Note: Please implement the login verification method yourself and return the results in the following format

Method:POST

URL: /authenticate

Basic Authentication: True

Content-Type: application/json

### Return data

When the login verification is successful, an example of the returned data is as follows:

```json
{
    "status": "success"
}
```
When login verification fails, an example of the returned data is as follows:
```json
{
    "status": "fail",
    "message": "<error message>"
}
```